Now before we finally dive into the code, there is one thing I get asked quite a bit and it can be an
obvious thing to think about,
why don't we connect angular to the database directly without sending a http request to node
which then does the database connection thing? We could have our angular app and our mongo database on
a server and we could directly send queries to the database from our angular app and surpass our
node express application,
technically that would be possible.
Is that a good thing to do though?
No, the answer is no it's highly insecure
and why is that?
Because secure authentication is not really possible.
We have to log into, we have to authenticate to the database
and that is done through credentials which we would have to store in angular's code.
Now that code is compiled to javascript in the end and it's loaded into the browser and in the browser,
everyone can view it, every user of our webpage can access our javascript code
hence we shouldn't store important information or especially not credentials in there and we would have
no way of storing these securely.
So that is a huge issue,
we would expose credentials which then allow way more than we want it to allow and therefore our full
databases would be exposed, so users can probably then do more than we want them to do and therefore
directly connecting angular to mongodb is not a good idea, not something you should ever do and not
something we will do in this course.
We will instead send an http request to node where users can't send a different one because node only accepts
the requests
we define it to accept and then node has all the credentials but the nodejs code can't be read by our
users because it resides on a server.